planning/v4.1.4.md, before:

# Many, many ITA changes
ITA food sources have been improved across the board. Gathering food outside of resupplies shoud be a bit more viable now.
ITA stronghold bosses now drop their respective chest, mimicking Melvor-realm behaviour.
Two new items added: Ire book (provides 1 Ire rune) and Abyssal Skull Cape (30% rune preservation, 3% AR and doubles rune provision effects like the 99 Magic skillcape)
Abyss ring now provides 1 abyss rune.
Powerful Abyss Ring now provides 2 abyss runes.
Eldritch Abyss Ring now provides 2 abyss runes and 2 eldritch runes.
All non-basic staves and wands now provide runes appropriate to the spells for their class:
Lacerating staff now provides 3 abyss runes
Added Azurian Voidheart Ring I to Dreadwalker Revenant table, and added Old Casket to the drop table of all monsters in Blighted Marsh
Added Brumite Crossbow to Smog Virefang's drop table
Added Twisted Thornbow to Tangled Serpent's drop table
Added build components for Blight Warder Body
Buffed abyss rune drop rate of Crimson Hound
Staves and wands can now be crafted from the respective logs. Staves cost 300 logs while wands cost 100 logs; both additionally require 10k of the corresponding rune
Magic skill tree was buffed. Rune preservation nodes were increased in value and double rune provision was added the penultimate node

# ItA Changes
Tretcherous Jellyfish now also drops Cursed Arcana
Both Cursed Arcana and Ancient Arcana can be equipped in the passive slot

# General Changes
Rune provision effects now apply to items equipped in the passive slot

# TODO
Add item changes popup

Commit message:

Updated patch notes, removed abyss wand cost from voidfire cascade wand

planning/v4.1.4.md, after:

# Many, many ITA changes
ITA food sources have been improved across the board. Gathering food outside of resupplies shoud be a bit more viable now.
ITA stronghold bosses now drop their respective chest, mimicking Melvor-realm behaviour.
Two new items added: Ire book (provides 1 Ire rune) and Abyssal Skull Cape (30% rune preservation, 3% AR and doubles rune provision effects like the 99 Magic skillcape)
Staves and wands can now be crafted from the respective logs. Staves cost 300 logs while wands cost 100 logs; both additionally require 10k of the corresponding rune
Added Brumite Crossbow to Smog Virefang's drop table
Added Twisted Thornbow to Tangled Serpent's drop table
Added build components for Blight Warder Body

## ITA Magic Changes
Abyss ring now provides 1 abyss rune.
Powerful Abyss Ring now provides 2 abyss runes.
Eldritch Abyss Ring now provides 2 abyss runes and 2 eldritch runes.
All non-basic staves and wands now provide runes appropriate to the spells for their class:
Lacerating staff now provides 3 abyss runes (up from 1)
Toxic Fumes wand now provides 1 umbral rune
Shadow wand now provides 1 shade rune
Blazing shadow staff now provides 3 shade runes
Witherbind wand now provides 2 dread runes
Silent Tangle wand now provides 2 scourge runes
Hollow Doom staff now provides 3 hollow runes and 3 desolate runes
Voidfire cascade wand now provides 2 void runes
Constructed wands providing combination runes now require an abyssal wand
Added Azurian Voidheart Ring I to Dreadwalker Revenant table, and added Old Casket to the drop table of all monsters in Blighted Marsh
Buffed abyss rune drop rate of Crimson Hound
Magic skill tree was buffed. Rune preservation nodes were increased in value and double rune provision was added the penultimate node

# AoD Changes
Tretcherous Jellyfish now also drops Cursed Arcana
Both Cursed Arcana and Ancient Arcana can be equipped in the passive slot

# General Changes
Rune provision effects now apply to items equipped in the passive slot

# TODO
Add item changes popup to display all of the various item tweaks, similar to the drop table popup
Overhaul backend for drop table generator to make it easier to work with in future (it's a nightmare atm ): )
